README.md, before:

# L2: Bytes

## Lab designed to learn about bits, bytes, and binary
## and to reinforce working with C++ classes and arrays

## Author(s):
- Author(s) of primary logic and code: *FIXME*
- Author of stub: Jan Pearce, Berea College

# Planning Prompts

1. **WHITEBOARD DESIGN**
*Write a high level design plan for your program.
You can use screenshots of your work on an actual white board
or you can use pseudocode.*

*FIXME*

2. **CRC Card**
*Complete a CRC Card for the Byte class. Be sure to keep this up to date.
I have given you some example rows. Add as many as you need.*

| **Name**                       | **Byte**  
| :----------------------------- | :--------------------------
| **Class Methods**              | **Collaborations**
| FIXME                          |  FIXME  |
| FIXME                          |  FIXME
| FIXME                          |  FIXME
| **Class Data**                 |  **Collaborations**  
| FIXME                          |  FIXME
| FIXME                          |  FIXME          

# Implementation and Customization Prompts

3. **PARITY PROBLEMS**
*Can you identify any possible problems with the parity method
of error detecting? If so, what are they, explain.
(There ARE problems with it, so typically more robust methods
are used when data integrity matters.)*

*FIXME*

4. **PARITY SOLUTION**
*Can you think of an idea that would solve the problem(s) you identified?*

*FIXME*

5. **PROCESS SUMMARY**
*Briefly summarize your design and implementation process,
including how much your initial design plan evolved,
the final results you achieved, and the amount of time you spent
as a programmer or programmers in accomplishing these results.
This should be one or at most two paragraphs.*

*FIXME*

6. **IMPLEMENTATIONS**
*Please briefly describe what was accomplished including
the largest challenges overcome and any innovations that were not
specifically required by the assignment.*

*FIXME*

7. **BIG O ANALYSIS**
*Please analyze the Big O of all of the methods of the Byte class,
including constructors. Note that even though you know that the data
or input size is 8, you still call this "n" and base your answers on n.
This means you imagine byte size could change.
(This is not so far fetched. Register sizes have changed a lot.
The first desktop computers were 8-bit machines.
Today we typically work with 64-bit machines,
but it wasn't that long ago that 32-bit machines were predominant,
so your Win10 operating system actually has a mix of 32-bit
and 64-bit code.)

*FIXME*

8. **TESTING**
*Please briefly describe your testing process.
Here you should be careful to select representative input cases,
including both representative typical cases as well as extreme cases.*

*FIXME*

9. **ERRORS**
*List in bulleted form of all known errors
and deficiencies with a very brief explanation.*

- *FIXME*
- *FIXME*

10. **LEARNING AND REACTION**
*A paragraph or so of your own comments
on what you learned and your reactions to this lab.*

*FIXME*

11. **INTEGRITY STATEMENT**
*Please briefly describe ALL help you received and
all help you gave to others in completing this lab.
Also list all other references below.*

*FIXME*

## References:
- This repo contains a stub by Jan Pearce
- *FIXME*

Commit message:

Add option for CRC Card

README.md, after:

# L2: Bytes

## Lab designed to learn about bits, bytes, and binary
## and to reinforce working with C++ classes and arrays

## Author(s):
- Author(s) of primary logic and code: *FIXME*
- Author of stub: Jan Pearce, Berea College

# Planning Prompts

1. **WHITEBOARD DESIGN**
*Write a high level design plan for your program.
You can use screenshots of your work on an actual white board
or you can use pseudocode.*

*FIXME*

2. **CRC Card**
*Complete a CRC Card for the Byte class. Be sure to keep this up to date.
I have given you some example rows. Add as many as you need.*

| **Name**                       | **Byte**  
| :----------------------------- | :--------------------------
| **Class Methods**              | **Collaborations**
| FIXME                          |  FIXME  |
| FIXME                          |  FIXME
| FIXME                          |  FIXME
| **Class Data**                 |  **Collaborations**  
| FIXME                          |  FIXME
| FIXME                          |  FIXME      

*OR Complete the CRC Card in the provided Google Doc and paste link to completed Google Doc here.*    

# Implementation and Customization Prompts

3. **PARITY PROBLEMS**
*Can you identify any possible problems with the parity method
of error detecting? If so, what are they, explain.
(There ARE problems with it, so typically more robust methods
are used when data integrity matters.)*

*FIXME*

4. **PARITY SOLUTION**
*Can you think of an idea that would solve the problem(s) you identified?*

*FIXME*

5. **PROCESS SUMMARY**
*Briefly summarize your design and implementation process,
including how much your initial design plan evolved,
the final results you achieved, and the amount of time you spent
as a programmer or programmers in accomplishing these results.
This should be one or at most two paragraphs.*

*FIXME*

6. **IMPLEMENTATIONS**
*Please briefly describe what was accomplished including
the largest challenges overcome and any innovations that were not
specifically required by the assignment.*

*FIXME*

7. **BIG O ANALYSIS**
*Please analyze the Big O of all of the methods of the Byte class,
including constructors. Note that even though you know that the data
or input size is 8, you still call this "n" and base your answers on n.
This means you imagine byte size could change.
(This is not so far fetched. Register sizes have changed a lot.
The first desktop computers were 8-bit machines.
Today we typically work with 64-bit machines,
but it wasn't that long ago that 32-bit machines were predominant,
so your Win10 operating system actually has a mix of 32-bit
and 64-bit code.)

*FIXME*

8. **TESTING**
*Please briefly describe your testing process.
Here you should be careful to select representative input cases,
including both representative typical cases as well as extreme cases.*

*FIXME*

9. **ERRORS**
*List in bulleted form of all known errors
and deficiencies with a very brief explanation.*

- *FIXME*
- *FIXME*

10. **LEARNING AND REACTION**
*A paragraph or so of your own comments
on what you learned and your reactions to this lab.*

*FIXME*

11. **INTEGRITY STATEMENT**
*Please briefly describe ALL help you received and
all help you gave to others in completing this lab.
Also list all other references below.*

*FIXME*

## References:
- This repo contains a stub by Jan Pearce
- *FIXME*
